my name is Derek Russell I'm going to
tarnish we'll just kind of broaden my
mechanical ability I guess I've been a
diesel mechanic before and I kind of
wanted to get into a different aspect of
it all my name is Shawn Antonia I am
attending tutor school because basically
as the first school of its kind in the
country
no one else really has anything like
this you basically have to go on an
apprenticeship and learn from somebody
else they start taking the GI Bill that
was another motivator and then also I am
mainly focusing on the high performance
field that was my main interest and this
school really teaches you the etiquette
and the tuning side of it which is big
nowadays on the Camaro we did a we
installed a fast intake with some newer
fuel rails to help the flow of air
coming into the motor hopefully bump up
some horsepower we put the Camaro on
dyno after doing all these parts well
but we did see quite a bit of an
increase
the past two days we basically put a
boss 302 air intake manifold on the
Mustang so we did running on dyno today
lost a little bit torque on the bottom
end gained a little top-end